all right what's up guys Osric here and
I got something very special for you
guys today i got my first ever ps3 moab
what did you just send ps3 yes i said
playstation 3 if you don't follow me on
twitter make sure you guys follow me on
twitter i recently purchased a ps3 about
two days ago and i went on many many
long killstreaks I'm playing without a
headset I'm playing without a party
playing solo I mean the monitor that i
plan on has built-in speakers and that's
the only thing I'm listening through
listening through so i don't even have
like TV sound it's really crappy so i've
ordered me a set of Astros so I should
have the I should have that pretty soon
and that's when i'll start doing more
open lobbies for the playstation 3 the
reason i bought playstation was if you
know if you don't know I originally came
from the PlayStation I played modern
warfare 2 and I started off black ops
all the way through 15th prestige on
playstation 3 and then towards the end
of black ops i went out and bought an
xbox i switched over made that my
permanent console and i played the rest
of black ops and i played all of modern
warfare 3 on it and you know i was
thinking about it you guys always ask me
when am I gonna get a pierced again when
am I gonna get a ps3 and I was and I
told you as I said no I'm not gonna get
it guys you know why because you know
the new consoles are coming out next
year but then i SAT and thought about I
said you know what my channel has done
really really well over the last year
probably by the time Black Ops 2 first
comes out i'll hit 50,000 subscribers
which is a massive amount i never would
have thought my channel will reach that
size and it's all because of you guys so
what I decided to do was you know what
half of my subscribers or Xbox half for
ps3 I play with my xbox guys all the
time you know what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna get a ps3 and I'm gonna start
playing with you guys in the open lobby
so yeah that's what I did guys thank you
all very very much for all the support
that you guys give me I will be playing
with Playstation
users shortly just follow me on Twitter
you'll know when I am I'll eventually do
live streams on the ps3 right now my
internet's not good guys when black ops
2 comes out i will have upgraded
internet the streams will be much
smoother higher quality and it will just
flow a lot better but anyways what I
want to talk about is a topic that I've
mentioned before when I first switched
from PlayStation over xbox ps3 vs xbox
which is better now that I've actually
experienced Xbox to its fullest I played
an entire call of duty on xbox only I'm
gonna give you what i feel and let's
start off first with the consoles the
thing about xbox controller is that the
sticks are very stiff what does that
mean that means that you need to have a
higher sensitivity than you would have
on the playstation 3 xbox i play it on
anywhere from three to eight playstation
3 the sticks are a little bit longer
which in my opinion provides for more
accuracy they're a little more loose and
I can tell you guys firsthand my aim on
the ps3 is a lot better than on xbox you
know it may not look like it from the
gameplay you know you can't really tell
you can't even tell from the stats I
mean that there my my accuracy and game
is about the same they're both somewhere
around you know the low 20s you know
twenty to twenty two percent at any
given time but I can just feel it in
Game my shots hit because I'm snapping
on target a lot faster now I happen to
think a lot of that has to do with the
with the fact that i like the ps3
controller better i think the ps3
controller when you master it compared
to when you master the xbox controller
will give you more control over your
character however i think the xbox
controller is easier to use when when
you first pick it up anyways let's talk
about something else as far as the the
consoles go this is really interesting
and it's something i noticed when i
first switched over to xbox the xbox
gameplay feels a little more smooth and
it feels like the
3 has more lag to it I don't know if
that's just for the simple fact that
there's not maybe not so many players in
my area with ps3 compared to xbox but
just comparing like four bars on ps3 vs
four bars on xbox I notice when I'm on a
really bad connection it feels very very
very bad on ps3 when I'm on a really
good connection it feels really good on
ps3 maybe because everybody else when
they have you know like a 3 bar and I'm
for boring or I have host it's just a
fucking screwy connection I really don't
know what's up with that that's just
what I've experienced xbox feels
smoother smoother gameplay less lag
whether or not that's actually true
could all be in my head who knows as far
as players go you know you always hear
that debate cause you know ps3 users
suck everybody that's goods on xbox or
for example that's why everybody on xbox
is getting these gameplays because Xbox
cheese or suck well let me get let me
tell you guys this I think that the ps3
and again this is from my own personal
opinion you know don't don't rape me in
the comments for saying this the ps3 has
more middle ground meant a lot of more
average players less horrible players I
think that the xbox and I'm talking
about players that I played with and
against the best players I've ever been
matched up against and played with are
on xbox hands down more xbox has more
elite level players than the ps3 that's
not to say that there are not elite
level players on the ps3 my boy black
Smurf this guy from the UK's guy watch
all his videos all the time he's on the
ps3 he's absolute monster so there are
monsters on ps3 however i think the
Elite levels on xbox are just overall
better than the Elite levels on the ps3
there's also more teams that play on the
xbox and the ps3 i noticed that
immediately when switching the black ops
and again i noticed that when switching
back to ps3 for modern warfare 3 there's
less parties on the ps3 there's more
full teams on the xbox
which makes it which makes the xbox a
bit harder to play when you have to go
up against the team of course that's why
I like the ps3 for solo gameplay because
of the fact that not that it has worst
players but the fact that you don't get
matched up against as meaning full teams
but yeah there you go guys that's my
first Moab I did it real defensive make
sure I hit it I actually tried when I
first got this PlayStation I tried over
about 50 games I came close to the Moab
at least 10 to 15 times over a twenty
kill streak and I wasn't able to put it
together anyways hope you guys enjoyed
it that's my little rant xbox vs ps3
they're about the same me I prefer the
xbox that's going to be my main console
that i will be using this ps3 to play
with all your subscribers hope you guys
enjoyed this piece